
Project Name -ShopForHomeProblem

Statement:ShopForHome is a popular Store in the market for shopping home décor stuff . Due toCovid 19 all the offline shopping stopped. So the store wants to move to online platforms and wants their own web application.

There are 2 users on the application :-
1.User
2.Admin

UserStories–
1.As a user I should be able to login, Logout and Register into the application.
2.As a user I should be able to see the products in different categories.
3.As a user I should be able to sort the products.
4.As a user I should be able to add the products into the shopping cart.
5.As a user I should be able to increase or decrease the quantity added in the cart.
6.As a user I should be able to add “n” number of products in the cart.
7.As a user I should be able to get the wishlist option where I can add those product which I want but don’t want to order now.
8.As a user I should get different discount coupons

Admin Stories –
1.As an Admin I should be able to login, Logout and Register into the application.
2.As an Admin I should be able to perform CRUD on Users.
3.As an Admin I should be able to Perform CRUD on the products.
4.As an Admin I should be able to get a bulk upload option to upload a CSV for products details.
5.As an Admin I should be able to get the stocks.
6.As an Admin I should be able to mail if any stock is less than 10
7.As an Admin I should be able to get the sales report of a specific duration.
8.As an Admin I should be able to set the discount coupons for the specific set of users

Instructions –
1.Please use a folder on server to upload the images.
2.Please share the database structure in the .sql file.
3.Please create a separate microservice for reports and discount coupons.
4.Please use separate port to deploy the Spring Boot Microservice.
5.Please use the UI designing tool like(Bootstrap) to make your UI better.

For Reference please visit :-https://www.pepperfry.com/

Sprint Plan:

Sprint I Objectives:1.Create Git Repository2.Create Database schema (All tables along with their relationship)3.Create entities in Spring4.Create a microservices based structure5.CRUD on User and Product6.Create an ecommerce Template in JSP(Static Only) to hold images and Product list.

Sprint II Objectives:1.Develop search functionality in JSP View.
2.Bulk upload implementation
3.Cart option
4.Stock and sales reports

Sprint III Objectives:1.Create Data Transfer Objects2.Create repository3.Create a service layer and logic4.Create controller a direct rest api5.Create Discount Microservice
