
Capstone Project:

Project Name: RentAPlace

Problem Statement:RentAPlace is an online store to rent the home for short and long-time duration.

There are 2 users on the application:
1.User
2.Owner

##User Stories:
1.As a user, I should be able to log in, log out and register into the application.
2.As a user, I should be able to see the top-rated properties in different categories.
3.As a user, I should be able to search property as per the different search criteria’s as:-
a.check-in and check-out date
b.Place to visit
c.Type of property like( flat, villas, apartments)
d.Features pool, pool facing, beach, beach facing, garden, garden facing and many more
4.As a User, I should be able to see the selected properties in list or card view
5.As a user, I should be able to see 4 to 5 pic. of each property
6.As a user, I should be able to reserve the property
7.As a user, I should be able to send message on the application to the owner

##Owner Stories:
1.As an Owner, I should be able to log in, logout, and register into the application
2.As an Owner, I should be able to add the properties on the platform. Properties can be more than one.
3.As an Owner, I should be able to update, delete and get the properties
4.As an Owner, I should be able to see the messages of the users
5.As an owner, I should be able to reply on the messages
6.As an owner, I should be able to get mail as soon as the user reserved a property
7.As an Owner, I should be able to confirm to the reservedstatus.

##Instructions:
1.Please use a folder on the server to upload the images
2.Please share the database structure in the .sql file
3.Please create a separate microservice for sending and receiving messages.4.Please use the separate port to deploy the Spring Boot Microservices.
5.Please use the UI designing tool like (Bootstrap) to make your UI Better.

Reference: Please refer this link: https://www.airbnb.co.in/

Sprint Plan:
Sprint I Objectives:
1.Create git repository
2.Create database schema (all tables along with their relationships)
3.Create entities in Spring
4.Create Microservice based structure
5.CRUD on User and Owner
6.Create template in JSP(Static Only) to hold the images and property lists

Sprint II Objectives:
1.Develop Search functionality in JSP view.
2.The property CRUD for owner
3.Owner confirm module
4.Owner Mail Module

Sprint III Objectives:
1.Create Data Transfer Objects
2.Create Repository
3.Create Service Layer logic
4.Create controller to direct API
5.Create Message Microservice.